brothers rows are ghullam and Ghulam
Abbas Ghulam the eldest 59 Rizal was
born a few years after him but death
delivered brutally by coronavirus took
them both within hours as they lay
opposite each other in hospital I held
his hand and I said rise I love you baby
I know you fought so hard floor and a
half makes he fought really hard
many passed and then later that day his
brother they were buried together the
next day Ghulam was a taxi driver in
Newport his colleagues performed this
drive-by tribute the family used to run
a news agents in the city and were well
known and loved but only a handful could
attend the funeral and if he'd been a
normal citizen that you know that even a
massive tuna the funeral football for
them they were well respected well liked
and well loved the community another
painful detail the night Rizal was put
into a coma his father died unrelated to
coronavirus my sins not even 30 they've
buried a dad they don't call him a
grandfather I think it's just so cruel
this disease he's really cool
I can't even hurt my boys this family
know too well just how ruthless this
disease can be Rebecca Barry ITV News